Added examples for some parts of the standard library (#88)
onrirr/c3-web: src/content/docs/Standard Library/index.mdx

## std::io

### String! readline(stream = io::stdin(), Allocator allocator = allocator::heap())

> Read a `String!` from a file stream. Defaults to standard input (stdin). Reads to the next newline or to the end of stream. `Readline` returns an optional, and must be handled accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read a `String!` from a file stream, which is standard input (stdin) by default, reads to the next newline character `\n` or to the end of stream. `Readline` returns an [Optional](/language-common/optionals-essential/#what-is-an-optional) string.
```

> ```c
> import std::io;
> 
> fn void! main() {
>     String! name; 
> 
>     name = io::readline();
>     if (catch excuse = name) {
>         return excuse?;
>     }
> 
>     io::printfn("The Matrix has you... Follow the white rabbit. Knock, knock, %s.", name);
> }
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```c3
import std::io;

fn void! main() 
{
    String! name = io::readline();
    if (catch excuse = name) 
    {
        return excuse?;
    }

    io::printfn("Name was: %s.", name);
}
```
```

trying to minimise line length as much as possible (so it works nicely on mobile screens) and newlines for `{` as per the style we've got for the rest of the guide

Note:
`\r` will be filtered from the String.

### String! treadline(stream = io::stdin())

> Read a `String!` from a file stream. Defaults to standard input (stdin). Reads to the next newline or to the end of stream. `Treadline` returns an optional, and must be handled accordingly. Additionally, the difference from the regular `readline`, is that this uses the temporary allocator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read a `String!` from a file stream which is standard input (stdin) by default, Reads to the next newline character `\n` or to the end of stream. `Treadline` returns an [Optional](/language-common/optionals-essential/#what-is-an-optional) string. The temporary allocator is used by `Treadline`, in contrast the `readline` defaults to the heap allocator, but is configurable to other allocators. 
```

> ```c
> import std::io;
> 
> fn void! main() {
>     String! name; 
> 
>     name = io::treadline();
>     if (catch excuse = name) {
>         return excuse?;
>     }
> 
>     io::printfn("Hello %s! Hope you have a great day", name);
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```c3
import std::io;

fn void! main() 
{
    String! name = io::treadline();
    if (catch excuse = name) 
    {
        return excuse?;
    }

    io::printfn("Hello %s! Hope you have a great day", name);
}
```

```

> Note:
> `\r` will be filtered from the String.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::Note
`\r` will be filtered from the String.
:::
```

> ### void print(x), void printn(x = "")
> Print a value to stdout. Works for different types. 
> The `printn` variant appends a newline.
> ```c
> import std::io;
> 
> enum Heat {
>     WARM,
>     WARMER,
>     REALLY_WARM,
> }
> 
> fn void main() {
>     int[<2>] vec = {4, 2};
>     Heat weather = WARM;
>     int[5] fib = { 0, 1, 1, 2, 3 };
>     String dialogue = "I will never tell you about the muffin man";
> 
>     io::print("Hello");   /* Outputs: Hello                                      */
>     io::print(20);        /* Outputs: 20                                         */
>     io::print(2.2);       /* Outputs: 2.200000                                   */
>     io::print(vec);       /* Outputs: [<4, 2>]                                   */
>     io::print(weather);   /* Outputs: WARM                                       */
>     io::print(fib);       /* Outputs: [0, 1, 1, 2, 3]                            */
>     io::print(dialogue);  /* Outputs: I will never tell you about the muffin man */
> }
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### void print(x), void printn(x = "")

Print a value to stdout works for the majority of types, including structs, which can be helpful for debugging.
The `printn` variant appends a newline.

```c3
import std::io;

enum Heat 
{
    WARM,
    WARMER,
    REALLY_WARM,
}

fn void main() 
{
    int[<2>] vec = { 4, 2 };
    Heat weather = WARM;
    int[5] fib = { 0, 1, 1, 2, 3 };
    String dialogue = "secret";

    io::print("Hello");   // Hello
    io::print(20);        // 20
    io::print(2.2);       // 2.200000
    io::print(vec);       // [<4, 2>]
    io::print(weather);   // WARM
    io::print(fib);       // [0, 1, 1, 2, 3] 
    io::print(dialogue);  // secret
}
```
```
docs style is `{` on newline, Line length optimised, using `//` style comments

### void eprint(x), void eprintn(x)
Print any value to stderr.
The `eprintn` variant appends a newline.

See `print` for usage.

### usz! printf(String format, args...) @maydiscard
Regular printf functionality: `%s`, `%x`, `%d`, `%f` and `%p` are supported.
Will also print enums and vectors. Prints to stdout.

> ```c
> import std::io;
> 
> enum Heat {
>     WARM,
>     WARMER,
>     REALLY_WARM,
> }
> 
> fn void main() {
>     int[<2>] vec = {4, 2};
>     Heat weather = REALLY_WARM;
>     String dialogue = "Hello";
> 
>     io::printf("%s", dialogue);  /* Outputs: Hello    */
>     io::printf("%d", 20);        /* Outputs: 20       */
>     io::printf("%f", 2.2);       /* Outputs: 2.200000 */
>     io::printf("%s", vec);       /* Outputs: [<4, 2>] */
>     io::printf("%s", weather);   /* Outputs: REALLY_WARM */
> }
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```c3
import std::io;

enum Heat 
{
    WARM,
    WARMER,
    REALLY_WARM,
}

fn void main() 
{
    int[<2>] vec = { 4, 2 };
    Heat weather = REALLY_WARM;
    String dialogue = "Hello";

    io::printfn("%s", dialogue);  // Hello
    io::printfn("%d", 20);        // 20
    io::printfn("%f", 2.2);       // 2.200000
    io::printfn("%s", vec);       // [<4, 2>]
    io::printfn("%s", weather);   // REALLY_WARM
}
```
```

## std::io

### String! readline(stream = io::stdin(), Allocator allocator = allocator::heap())
Read a `String!` from a file stream, which is standard input (stdin) by default, reads to the next newline character `\n` or to the end of stream. `Readline` returns an [Optional](/language-common/optionals-essential/#what-is-an-optional) string.

```c3
import std::io;

fn void! main() 
{
    String! name = io::readline();
    if (catch excuse = name) 
    {
        return excuse?;
    }

    io::printfn("Name was: %s.", name);
}

> Note:
> `\r` will be filtered from the String.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::Note
`\r` will be filtered from the String.
:::
```
